# Weekly Diary - Daniel
## Week 1
### 18/02/20 Tuesday
- First tutorial
- Setup up group jira and filled out the survey-monkey form for the team. 
- Joined the team Notion and Figma

### 20/02/20 Thursday
- Joined group Github

## Week 2
### 25/02/20 Tuesday
- Second Tutorial
- Read through the example project proposals 
- Helped the team plan out our project proposal 
- Helped split tasks with the team

## Week 3
### 02/03/20 Monday
- Investigated potential software stacks
- Had a look at colyseus
- Built a test MVP for testing drawing and displaying it on a separate screen

### 03/03/20 Tuesday
- Started research for project proposal
- Looked into the team's chosen technology stack of React, Colyseus and PostgreSQL
- was assigned Project methodology section

### 06/03/20 Friday
- Wrote out the project methodologies section including; Technologies, Deployment Diagram, Class Diagram and API Layer

## Week 5
### 16/03/20 Monday
- Created game state schema as Colyseus Classes 
### 17/03/20 Tuesday
- Setup stateMachine pattern. Added sample code so states can transition to other states with examples.

## Week 6
### 22/03/20 Sunday
- Modified RoomState so it can add curator and players. 
- Added unit tests for it

### 24/03/20 Tuesday
- Modified backendNo more than 8 players can join. Now only extract the data that we need.
- Modified frontend so usernames of joined players now displyed on the lobby screen.

## Week 7
### 31/03/20 Tuesday
- implemented the random allocation of images and prompts with unit testing

## Week 8
### 05/04/20
- Implemented the storing of images and prompts in the backend.
### 07/04/20
- Modified frontend to display drawing to player during guess phase based on round number
- Modified frontend to display prompt to player during drawing phase based on round number 
### 08/04/20
- cleaned up console logs

## Week 9
### 12/04/20
- Refactored the sending drawing and prompt
- Implemented the sending of individual Chains to curator screen
### 13/04/20
- Modified code so each chain owner can individual reveal their chain in the reveal phase. 

## Week 10
### 19/04/20
- added util for prompts prompts added: csgo guns, league champions, generic, fast food and actors
- Refactored Chainmanager into its own class SRP
- Refactored out player functionality into a playerManagerClass

## Week 11
### 26/04/20
- Start the report, drew the class diagram
### 27/04/20
- Wrote background and part of the aim for the report
- Started writing the backend technologies section
- Drew architectural diagrams
### 28/04/20
- Finished writing the backend technologies section
- Wrote about our architecture, reasons for choosing it and how it works. 



